Want to make a quiz that is comprehensive, but also fits 
what a user is looking for in a dog


Physical Characteristics

How big will household's ideal dog be at full size?
    answers: 
        small or toy size - 2 to 22 pounds (1-10 kg)
        medium dog size - 24 to 57 pounds (11-26 kg)
        large dog size - 59 to 98 pounds (27-44 kg)
        giant dog size - 99 pounds or more (45 kg+)

-- This will help narrow down pup size --

What age group best fits the dog that would be invited into your home today?
    answers:
        puppy - 8 weeks to 18 months of age depending on the dog
        adolescence - 6 months to 18 months of age depending on the dog
        adult - 1 year to 10 years of age depending on the dog
        senior - starting from 6 to 10 years of age depending on the dog

-- ages blend in description for user but will math out to be distict in actual answers --

How much grooming are you willing to do for your dog?
    answers:
        low maintenance - brushing every few weeks, 2-4 months between baths, standard nail trimming and care
        high maintenance - weekly brushing, willing to handle breed specific maintenance     

-- This can be a boolean, but will be a multiple choice to future proof the answer selection

How much will drool bother you?
    answers:
        I really don't like it
        Not my favorite, but I can deal with it for the right dog
        Not one bit

-------------------------------------------------

Dog Behavior

- This section will best answer what kind of behavoir the user is willing to train or deal with when the dog is an adult

What physical activity level best represents your regular routine?
    answers:
        Active less than 15 minutes a day
        Active about 15-30 minutes every day
        Active about 30 minutes to an hour every day
        Active more that an hour a day

How smart would you like your dog to be?
    answers:
        not that smart
        pretty smart
        smarter than me

Do you have any toddlers (0 - 3) Are you planning on bringing a new baby into your home?
    answers:
        No
        Yes

How old are the children in your home?
    answers:
        I don't have any children
        7 and under
        8 and older
        I have children in both ranges

-- In this question dog should be adaptable to age ranges

What is your plan for training your future dog?
    answers:
        Teaching the basics on behavior and maybe a few tricks
        Make training an ongoing process, my dog will be a lifelong student

How would you describe your dog parenting style?
    answers:
        I'd like to keep a low key style
        I'll set my boundaries, but I'd like to spend time playing with my dog as well
